hello listeners, in  today's video i'd like to talk about what learning a language really is.
and hopefully this video can change the result of your language learning inmediately.
you know i've been learning english for about 10 years already, if you ask me what is the biggest change, or the most important change that i made 10 years ago, was the switch from focusing on memorizing vocalbulary to focusing on repetition in language learning.

speaking of language it's actually a result of habbit, instead of a result of memory, my best example is going to be like you know ,i think we all know that the masculine form or the musculine pronoun in english is he, while the faminine pronoun in english is she, it's one of the most common mistakes that chinese speakers would make when speaking english, because he and she sounds same in spoken chinese, they sounds different in spoken english, so even though we know the difference between he and she,  we still make the mistake, why? if you ask me, its because we're not used to speak english, even though we know the difference we still make mistakes.

so in  order to speak a foreign language fluently, what we need to do is foucsing on repetition, is like turning the knowlege to body memory, or body reflection. so that we can just natualy and fluently speak the language without thinking about the language, i don't think anyone who is able to speaking a language fluently can handle the knowlege in their brain while speaking a language, because it's just to much for human's brain.

so what i did in 10 yrs ago when i just start to learning englkish in my young was, i would listen to you know, video like bbc every day for 1-2 hours, and i would also have a material that i would listen to over and over again like repeatly in a week, until you know i could able to shadow all of the words without reading the text, without thinking about the text, so absolutely think of learning a language is you know doing push-ups, adn working out at the gym, it's more about you body instead of your brain.