```text
今天我来介绍给你如何理解汉字"人", 它通常的意思对应英语中的[human,person]
我们用象形的方式来理解它,我保证你会在三分钟内记住这个字而且再也不会忘记.
首先,我们看下这个字的演变过程.
[check the first img below]

在最初,它看起来像是从侧面看一个人的样子,并逐渐演化成了现在的写法.
"人"字被广泛的用来造了非常多的汉字,我举一些例子来帮助你记忆它(你并不需要记住下面的字)

大:看起来像是一个人张开双臂向外延伸, 表示很大的物体, 它对应英语的big huge
[check the second img below]

天:上面的一横代表人的头, 表示人头顶上空, 它对应英语中的sky, 并演化出了英语day的意思.
[check the third img below]

众:它由3个"人"组成,表示很多人,对应英语的"a group of people" or "crew",

很有趣吧, 现在你明白"人"字的造字含义了吗,
这就是汉字的来源,最初它们大多都是用来刻画物体的,这也是中国的孩子学习它们的方式.

我会每天(尽量)讲解一个汉字,希望能帮助你们学习中文.
同时欢迎指出我的英语错误, 那对我会很有帮助,谢谢,明天见~
```

-----------------------------------------------
🌞
Today I'm gonna introducing the Chinese character "人" (rén) to you in a simple way.
It usually understood as "human" and "person" in English.
Let's learn it through a pictographic method, I'm sure you'll remember it in 3 minutes and never forget it.

🔍
First, let's take a look how this character evolved:
[check the first img below]
In the beginning, it looked like a standing person from side view. 
Over time, it grandually evolved into the form we use today "人"(rén).

📌
This character was widely used to form many Chinese characters.
Let me give you a few examples to help you understand (you don't need to remember them)

"大": it looks like a person is stretching his arms, like he's trying to explan something is very big, 
    so it means "big" and "huge".
[check the second img below]

"天": the line "一" at the top represents a person's head, what's above our heads? yeah that's the work "sky"☁️,
    and it can also mean "day".
[check the third img below]

"众": this character is combined by three "人", representing many people together, 
    so it means "a group of people" or simplely "a crowd".


Is it interesting? now you should understand the meaning behind "人"(rén)😄
This is the origin of Chinese characters, they were originally pictographs used to represent things in the real world. And this is also how Chinese children learn them.

I will (try to) introduce one Chinese character to you every day, I hope that will help you to learn Chinese.
You can point out any mistake in my English, that also help me to impove, thank you. 
see you tommorrow~
