```text
今天我来介绍给你如何理解汉字"口"(kǒu)，
它通常的意思对应英语中的[mouth]
我们用象形的方式来理解它,我保证你会在三分钟内记住这个字而且再也不会忘记.首先,我们看下这个字的演变过程.
[check the first img below]

在最初,它看起来像是张开的嘴巴，并逐渐演化成了现在的写法.
"口"字被广泛的用来造了非常多的汉字和词语,我列几个非常常见汉字来帮助你记忆它(你并不需要记住下面的字)

舌:she 它对应英语的"tongue",最初它的下半部分是一个口字,而上半部分是描绘伸出的蛇信子,并演化成了现在的写法
[check the second img below]

吃:chi 它对应英语的"eat", 它的左边是一个口字

喝:he 它对应英语的"drink", 它的左边同样是一个口字

很有趣吧, 现在你明白"口"（kǒu）字的造字含义了吗,这就是汉字的来源,最初它们大多都是用来刻画物体的,这也是中国的孩子学习它们的方式.
我会每天(尽量)讲解一个汉字,希望能帮助你们学习中文.同时欢迎指出我的英语错误, 那对我会很有帮助,谢谢,明天见~```

-----------------------------------------------
Today I'm gonna introduce the fifth Chinese character "口" (kǒu) in a simple way. 
It means "mouth" in English.
Let's learn it through a pictographic method, I'm sure you'll remember it in 3 minutes and never forget it.

🔍First, let's take a look at how this character evolved:
[check the first img below]
In the beginning, it looked like an open mouth. 
Over time, it grandually evolved into the square shape we use today "口"(kǒu).

📌This character was widely used to form many other Chinese characters.
Let me give a few common examples to help you understand (you don't need to memorize them)

"舌": (she) Originally the bottom part was "口"(mouth), and the top part represents a tongue sticking out. 
Over time it evolved into the form we use today "舌".
[check the second img below]

吃:(chi) it means "eat", it's left part is the character "口"

喝:(he) it means "drink", it's left part also is the character "口"

Is it interesting? now you should understand the meaning behind "口"(kǒu)😄.
This is the origin of Chinese characters, they were originally pictographs used to represent things in the real world. And this is also how Chinese children learn them.

I will (try to) introduce one Chinese character to you every day, I hope that will help you to learn Chinese.You can point out any mistake in my English, that also help me to impove, thank you. see you tommorrow~😁