```text
今天我来介绍给你如何理解汉字"手", 它通常的意思对应英语中的[hand]
我们用象形的方式来理解它,我保证你会在三分钟内记住这个字而且再也不会忘记.
首先,我们看下这个字的演变过程.
[check the first img below]

在最初,它看起来像是一个张开的手掌,并逐渐演化成了现在的写法.
"手"字被广泛的用来造了非常多的汉字和词语,我举一些例子来帮助你记忆它(你并不需要记住下面的字)

看(kan): 它的上半部分是"手"(hand), 下班部分是"目"(eye),描绘将手搭载眼睛上面向远处观望,
对应英语中的"look"
[check the second img below]

拿(na):下面的部分是个"手"字, 它的意思是英语中的"grab", 拿 something 意思就是 grab something

打(打):左边这部分是手的一种写法"扌", 这是很多汉字的左侧组成部分, 这些汉字的含义通常和手的动作有关.
对于这个字,它的意思是"hit",意味着用手去击打.

很有趣吧, 现在你明白"手"字的造字含义了吗,
这就是汉字的来源,最初它们大多都是用来刻画物体的,这也是中国的孩子学习它们的方式.

我会每天(尽量)讲解一个汉字,希望能帮助你们学习中文.
同时欢迎指出我的英语错误, 那对我会很有帮助,谢谢,明天见~
```

-----------------------------------------------
Today I'm gonna introduce the sixth Chinese character "手" (shǒu) in a simple way.
It means "hand" in English.
Let's learn it through a pictographic method, I'm sure you'll remember it in 3 minutes and never forget it.

🔍
First, let's take a look at how this character evolved:
[check the first img below]
In the beginning, it looked like an open hand. 
Over time, it grandually evolved into the form we use today "手"(shǒu).

📌
This character was widely used to form many Chinese characters and words.
Let me give you a few common examples to help you understand (you don't need to memorize them)

👀看(kàn): the top part of this character is "手"(hand), and the bottom part is "目"(eye),
it represents putting your hand above your eyes to look something far away.
So "看" means "to look" in English.
[check the second img below]

🤲拿(ná):the bottom part is "手", this character means "to grab" or "to hold" in english, 
because we use our hands to pick things up~

👊打(dǎ): the left part "扌" is variant of "手", often used on the left side of characters, 
Characters with this part often related to hand actions.
For this character "打", it means "to hit" or "to strike", like hitting something with your hand

Is it interesting? now you shǒuld understand the meaning behind "手"(shǒu)😄
This is the origin of Chinese characters, they were originally pictographs used to represent things in the real world. And this is also how Chinese children learn them.

I will (try to) introduce one Chinese character to you every day, I hope that will help you to learn Chinese.
If you like this, feel free to follow me and subscribe for more.
You can point out any mistake in my English, that also help me to impove, thank you. 
see you tommorrow~
