```text
今天我来用简单的方式介绍给你如何理解汉字"日", 它通常的意思对应英语中的[sun,day]
我们用象形的方式来理解它,我保证你会在三分钟内记住这个字而且再也不会忘记.
首先,我们看下这个字的演变过程.
在最初,它看起来是圆形的, 作为表示太阳的符号,随后逐渐演化为了方块形状.
因此,大部分包含"日"的汉字,通常都与太阳有关,我举一些例子来帮助你记忆它(你并不需要记住下面的字)
旦:下面的一表示地平面\海面,太阳刚刚升起.天刚亮,表示黎明
早:下面的"十"代表草木,太阳升起,小草带着露珠,表示清晨\early
明:这是一个组合字,
我们看右边的"月"字,这是它的演变过程:
它最初是弯弯的,用来表示月亮的符号.
太阳和月亮都会发光,会让天空变得明亮,因此"明"通常会用来表示明亮.

很有趣吧, 现在你明白"日"字的造字含义了吗,
这就是汉字的来源,最初它们大多都是用来刻画物体的,这也是中国的孩子学习它们的方式.

我会每天(尽量)讲解一个汉字,希望能帮助你们学习中文,明天见.
同时欢迎指出我的英语错误, 那对我会很有帮助,谢谢~
```

-----------------------------------------------
🌞
Today I'm gonna introducing the Chinese character "日" (rì) to you.
It usually understood as english words "sun" and "day".
Let's learn it through a pictographic method, I'm sure you'll remember it in 3 minutes and never forget it.

🔍
First, let's take a look how this character evolved:
[img]
In the beginning it has round shape and representing the SUN (and gradually became to square shape we use today).
That's why many Chinese characters include "日" are related to the SUN.

📌
Let me give you a few examples to help you understand (you don't need to remember them)
- 旦:the line "一" represents the horizon or sea level, 
    the sun is rising from it, the sky is about to getting bright.
    So it means "dawn"🌅.
- 早: the "十" at the bottom represents grass or trees, as the sun rises, there's dew on the grasses and leaves.
    That's why it means "morning" and "early".
- 明: it's a combined character, let's look the right part "月":🔍
    [img]
    Originally it has a curve shape respresenting the MOON, the SUN and the MOON both give light,
    so combine them we have "明" means "bright".✨

Is it interesting? now you should understand the meaning behind "日"(rì)😄
I will (try to) introduce one Chinese character to you every day, I hope that will help you to learn Chinese, see you tommorrow.
You can point out my mistake in my English, that also help me to impove, thank you~

This is the origin of Chinese characters, they were originally pictographs used to represent things in the real world. And this is also how Chinese children learn them.